# Change Log
All notable changes to the "dartsass" extension will be documented in this file.

### 0.2.1
  * A better efficient way of restarting watchers after a session of vsce.
  

### 0.2.0
  * Upgrade built-in sass library to 1.24.4.
  * New feature added to watch directories that persists across sessions. 
    Hence, sass directories previously watched before the last exit of vsce , continue to get watched after the restart as well.

### 0.1.1
  * Upgrade sass to 1.24.1 , browserslist and postcss libraries as well.

### 0.1.0
  * Remove support for `node-sass-package-importer` altogether.
    This would also indicate removal of support of "~" prefix in import statements.
    If you had used "~" earlier, feel free to remove the "~" in the import statements and add `node_modules` to `importPath` property (list of strings) to include the same.
    Hence `sassWorkingDirectory` property has been removed as well, as it is completely irrelevant.
    See [FAQ 3,4 and 5](https://github.com/malvahq/vscode-plugin-dartsass#faq) for more details.


### 0.0.88
  * Add important logging statements for watching directory with custom sassBinPath.

### 0.0.87
  * Bugfix on 0.0.86 where the `includePath` directories were not used by the `--watch` option for sass

### 0.0.86
  * Patch `sassBinPath` such that it accepts relative path as well. It accepts relativePath to the current projectRoot (identified by the file edited by the active editor. )

### 0.0.85
### 0.0.84
  * Development version(s) published by mistake. Ignore.

### 0.0.83
  * Upgrade sass to 1.24.0
  * Upgrade postcss, autoprefixer and browserslist libraries.
  * Introduce new property `dartsass.disableSourceMap` that disables source map generation if not necessary. By default, sourceMaps are generated though, as before.

### 0.0.82
  * Add better FAQ documentation to README.

### 0.0.81
  * Upgrade sass , autoprefixer, postcss and browserslist libraries.

### 0.0.80
  * browserlist: default option changed to "> 1%" and "last 2 versions" .

### 0.0.79
  * Upgrade autoprefixer to 9.7.0 , browserslist: 4.7.2  and postcss: 7.0.21.

### 0.0.78
  * Fix a bug about incorrect reloading of watchers when configuration changes.

### 0.0.77
  * Upgrade built-in compiler to sass 1.23.1
  * Fix npm audit errors

### 0.0.76
  * Bugfix about removing inconsistent keyboard shortcuts. See #9 for more details

### 0.0.75
  * Fix 1: SourceMap is consistently generated by the built-in sass compiler or by the external compiler `sassBinPath` as well.
  * Fix 2: When watching directories, minified files are also getting generated (unless `disableMinifiedFileGeneration` is set ). If `disableMinifiedFileGeneration` is set - then the watchers need to be unwatched and rewatched again manually for the changes to be effected.
  * Fix 3: No shell launched when sass watcher is launched.
  * Feature 4: Add menu to unwatch a directory as well. In case the directory was not watched before or being unwatched twice , a warning message appears indicating the same.

### 0.0.74
  * Support for watching directories implemented. See README.md for more details ( menu `DartSass: Sass Compiler Watch` to be specific ).

### 0.0.73
  * Autprefixer now works when `sassBinPath` is set. Fixed now.

### 0.0.72
  * In case, `sassBinPath` is a directory or it does not exist, indicate an error right after config value is set/changed.

### 0.0.71
  * Bug fix related to config not getting properly reloaded and propagated across the plugin

### 0.0.70

  * `dartsass.sassBinPath` property introduced.

    Eg: `/usr/local/bin/sass` PATH of sass binary to be used to compile , as opposed to the sass compiler that comes built-in with the plugin. `Beta` support only.

### 0.0.69
 * Fixed a regression bug related to files with underscores.

### 0.0.68
 * Fixed a regression bug related to targetDirectory. In case, `targetMinifiedDirectory` is empty, it defaults to `targetDirectory`. If that is empty too, it defaults to the same folder as that of the source file.

### 0.0.67
 * Rereleasing 0.0.66 because of an issue with `webpack --mode production`. For now, webpack is used in development mode and published.

### 0.0.66
 * `targetDirectory`: Default: Empty. The target directory to write the generated css files. This can be an absolute directory or a directory, relative to project root.
 * `targetMinifiedDirectory`: Default: Empty. The target directory to write the generated minified css files. This can be an absolute directory or a directory, relative to project root.

### 0.0.65
  * Bogus release. Published under the wrong name by mistake. Ignore.

### 0.0.64
 - Introduce a property `disableAutoPrefixer` to disable postcss processing using autoprefixer library.
 - Introduce a property `autoPrefixBrowsersList`: Default: `[ "last 2 version"]`. List of browsers to be specified for autoprefixer. See https://github.com/browserslist/browserslist#readme for more details.


### 0.0.63
 - Ignore.


### 0.0.62
 - Introduce a property `enableStartWithUnderscores` to enable compilation of files that start with underscores. By default, `false`. See #2 for more details.

### 0.0.61
 - Ignore files that start with underscores ( See #2 )

### 0.0.60
 - sass compiler 1.23.0

### 0.0.53
 - Packed using webpack 4.41.0

### 0.0.52
 - Upgrade sass compiler to 1.22.12

### 0.0.51
 - Upgrade sass compiler to 1.22.10

### 0.0.50
 - Minimum dependency of vscode is 1.37.0 . It supports array of strings in the settings editor. Can apply to `includePath` property .

### 0.0.49
 - Upgrade sass compiler to 1.22.9

### 0.0.48
 - Upgrade sass compiler to 1.22.8
 - Upgrade node to 10.x

### 0.0.47
 - Upgrade sass compiler to 1.22.7

### 0.0.46
 - Upgrade sass compiler to 1.22.6

### 0.0.45
 - Upgrade sass compiler to 1.22.5

### 0.0.43
 - Upgrade sass compiler to 1.22.4

### 0.0.42
 - Use webpack for faster extension loading

### 0.0.40
 - Minimum requirement is vscode 1.32.0 (Feb 2019)

### 0.0.39
 - Split vscode to @types/vscode and vscode-test

### 0.0.38
 - Sass 1.22.3

### 0.0.34
 - Print the dart sass compiler version at startup in the console log for reference.
 - Better printing of configuration options

### 0.0.33
 - Keyboard shortcut: <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Q</kbd> to print sass Compiler version

### 0.0.32
 - Do not use. Errorneous publishing

### 0.0.31

 - Upgrade to Dart/JS sass compiler 1.21.0

### 0.0.30

 - Introduce a property `disableCompileOnSave` that disables a compilation with every save.


### 0.0.29

 - Introduce a property `pauseInterval` indicating a pause interval in seconds before the compiler kicks off to not hog the cpu resources too frequently.

### 0.0.28
 - Upgrade to sass package `1.20.3` .
 - New Extension Command  `dartsass: Compile Current File` added. Keyboard shortcut: <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>L</kbd>

### 0.0.27
### 0.0.26
### 0.0.25
### 0.0.24
 - Do not use. Erroneous publishing.

### 0.0.23
 - Upgrade to sass package `1.20.1` .
 - Sass Compiler Version printed. ( See: dartsass: Sass Compiler Version command)

### 0.0.20
 - Upgrade to sass package `1.16.0` .

### 0.0.19
 - Introduces flag `sync` to use the renderSync API.

### 0.0.18
 - Fix a bug where the workspace folder is not the first one by default, but the one where the document is present.

### 0.0.14
 - Crisper Error dialogs

### 0.0.13
 - Introduce Channels for capturing output

### 0.0.11
 - Bug fix to prevent deactivation

### 0.0.10
 - Fixing details about preserving less state

### 0.0.9
 - First valid version that works with node_modules installed. See INSTALL.md for more details.

### 0.0.8
 - False Version

### 0.0.7
 - False Version

### 0.0.6
 - Add `debug` flag to debug the same.

### 0.0.5
 - Add `disableMinifiedFileGeneration` flag to configure generation of minified files.

### 0.0.4
- Better documentation with more examples

### 0.0.1
- Initial release of dartsass


Check [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/) for recommendations on how to structure this file.
